NMS-13364: Table formatting issues in new docs (#3531)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/service-assurance/monitors/SshMonitor.adoc

= SshMonitor

The SshMonitor tests the availability of an SSH service.

> During the poll it attempts to connect on the specified port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the poll, it attempts to connect on the specified port.
```

If the connection request is successful, then the service is considered up.

> Optionally, the banner line the service generates may be parsed and compared against a pattern before the service is considered up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, the banner line provided by the node may be parsed and compared against a pattern before the service is considered up.
```

== Configuration and Use

.Monitor-specific parameters for the SshMonitor
[options="header"]
[cols="1,3,2"]
|===
| Parameter       | Description                                                                               | Default
| banner        | Regular expression to be matched against the service's banner.                            | n/a

> | client-banner | The client banner that {page-component-title} uses to identify itself on the service. | SSH-1.99-OpenNMS_1.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| client-banner | The client banner that {page-component-title} uses to identify itself to the node. | SSH-1.99-OpenNMS_1.5
```
